APPLE TRADE-IN FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Device Eligibility:

What devices are eligible for trade-in?
You can trade in many Apple and third-party devices, including Samsung and Google smartphones, for a trade-in credit or an Apple Gift Card. If your device isn’t eligible for any trade-in value, you can still recycle it with Apple for free.

Can I trade in an engraved device?

Yes, engraved Apple products are eligible for trade-in. If the device was engraved by Apple, its trade-in value won’t be impacted. However, third-party engraving may affect your device’s value.

Can I trade in a device that’s part of the iPhone Upgrade Program?

If you’re currently a member of the iPhone Upgrade Program and wish to remain in the program, please do not proceed with Apple Trade In. After you upgrade and receive your new iPhone, we’ll arrange for you to trade in your old one.

If you’re currently enrolled in the iPhone Upgrade Program and continue with Apple Trade In, you will be exiting the program and will be responsible for both your outstanding iPhone Upgrade Program loan and the price of any new iPhone you purchase through Apple Trade In.

Before proceeding with Apple Trade In, you can check your upgrade eligibility(Opens in a new window) or check if your device is enrolled in the iPhone Upgrade Program(Opens in a new window).

If you’re not yet participating in the iPhone Upgrade Program, you can trade in your eligible device at an Apple Store for credit toward your subsequent purchase as part of the iPhone Upgrade Program.




Device Value and Credit:

How much will I get for my device?
It depends on the device, model, manufacturer, and condition. Answer a few questions accurately, and once we receive the device within the specified time frame and verify its condition, you’ll most likely receive the full amount of the estimated refund.

Keep in mind that we need to receive your trade-in device within 14 days of when you receive your new device, and the condition of your trade-in needs to match what you told us.


Can I get an estimate online, then trade in at an Apple Store?
Yes, the Apple Trade In program is available on apple.com as well as in all our retail stores.

A Specialist will evaluate your device on the spot, so the trade-in credit you get in the store may differ from the estimated trade-in value you received online if the condition doesn’t match what you described.

How do I find the serial number on my Apple device?

On your Apple Watch or iPad, go to Settings > General and tap About. On Mac devices, click the Apple () menu and go to About This Mac.

If you’re still unable to locate it, there are a few other ways to find your serial number(Opens in a new window).

You’ll need the serial number to see an accurate trade-in value for your iPad, Mac, or Apple Watch.


Why can’t I pay monthly after I add my trade-in?

If the net price is less than $99 for a new iPhone, or less than $25 for a new iPad, Mac, or Apple Watch, you will not be offered the option to pay monthly. You will, however, be able to continue your transaction and pay in full for the remaining amount due.


If I buy a new device online with a trade-in, when will the credit be applied?
It depends on what you buy and how you pay for it.

If you buy an iPhone, iPad, Mac, or Apple Watch and pay in full, your credit will be applied to your original payment method up to the total purchase price after we receive your trade-in device and confirm that the condition matches what you described. For any remaining amount, you’ll receive an Apple Gift Card by email.

If you buy an iPhone, iPad, Mac, or Apple Watch with a trade-in and choose a monthly payment option, your estimated trade-in credit will be applied directly to the purchase price of your new Apple device. Once we receive your trade-in device and confirm that the condition matches what you described, there’s nothing more you need to do. If it doesn’t match, your original payment method will be charged the difference in value. In that case, we’ll work with you to confirm that you still want to move forward with the trade-in.


Timing and Process:
How long does the online trade-in process take?

Generally it takes 2 to 3 weeks. Your trade-in device needs to be sent to us within 14 days of when you receive your new device. The sooner we receive your trade-in, the sooner we can verify its condition and process your credit or gift card. It may take 3 to 5 business days for your credit to be processed.


How quickly should I return my device?

Your trade-in estimate is valid for 14 days after you receive your new device. It’s important that we receive your trade-in within this time frame to ensure that you get the estimated value.

Do I need to return accessories to get the full trade-in value?

You don’t have to, but you can always send in your chargers, cables, cases, and watch straps and we will recycle them for you.

How do I send back my device?
We’ll either send you a prepaid trade-in kit or email you drop-off instructions. If we send you a trade-in kit, it will include instructions on how to prepare and package your device.


Device Prep and Data Transfer:
How do I prepare my device before I trade it in?

If you trade in at an Apple Store, you only need to back up your data to iCloud before you bring in your device.


How do I turn off Find My?
To turn off Find My on your Apple device:
Tap Settings.
Tap iCloud.
Sign in with your Apple ID, if necessary.
Turn off Find My.

If you don’t have your physical device, you can turn off Find My via iCloud(Opens in a new window).


How do I transfer my data to my new device?
Once you receive your new device, follow the instructions in the trade-in email or trade-in kit on how to transfer your personal data.

Tracking and Changes

Is there a way to track my trade-in status?
Yes. If you bought a new device online with a trade-in or you’re receiving an Apple Gift Card, you can track your status(Opens in a new window) at any time.

Can I cancel a trade-in?
If you haven’t dropped off or shipped your device yet, you can cancel your trade-in by simply keeping your device.

If you’ve already sent us your device, the trade-in can’t be cancelled. However, if you receive a lower revised trade-in value after we’ve inspected your device, you can choose to reject it.

If you buy a new device online with a trade-in and return the new device, your trade-in will be cancelled automatically and in some cases it may not be possible to return your device.

Why did I receive a revised trade-in value offer?

If the condition of your device is different from what you described, we’ll provide a revised value.

If the revised value is lower than the initial estimate, you can either accept or reject it. If you accept it, we’ll continue with the trade-in and either charge or credit the difference in value to the card you provided. If you reject it, we’ll cancel the trade-in, return your old device, and charge the original trade-in value to your card.

If the revised value increases, we’ll automatically increase your trade-in credit.


Does Apple offer recycling?

Yes. Apple Trade In lets you recycle any Apple device at an Apple Store location and on apple.com for free. Items accepted for recycling include the device as well as batteries, cables, cases, monitors, packaging and more. Free recycling is available to our commercial, education, and institutional customers. When we receive your device, it will be thoroughly inspected and assessed for reuse or recycling. Whether recycled or reused, all activities relating to the processing of your device will be managed in an environmentally responsible way.


How do I prepare my device for recycling?

Before you send us your device by mail or drop it off at an Apple Store, make sure you have backed up your data. After saving your data, remove any personal data from the device you wish to recycle. You will no longer have access to the device after recycling it with Apple.

If you are sending your old device by mail, please note:
Devices that contain batteries should be packed in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, and industry best practices, which typically include the guidelines below:


Do not ship loose batteries.
Discharge the unit to less than 30%.
Do not ship electronics that are disassembled into parts.
Do not ship electronics with swollen, damaged, or defective batteries.
For whole units, surround the product with at least 2.5 inches of suitable filler material, such as recycled or reused packaging, before placing it inside a corrugated box.
Ship only one device per box.


